adding whisper readme changes for v1 (#283)
containers/ai-lab-recipes: recipes/audio/audio_to_text/README.md

# Audio to Text Application

This recipe helps developers start building their own custom AI enabled audio transcription applications. It consists of two main components: the Model Service and the AI Application.

There are a few options today for local Model Serving, but this recipe will use [`whisper-cpp`](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp.git) and its included Model Service. There is a Containerfile provided that can be used to build this Model Service within the repo, [`model_servers/whispercpp/base/Containerfile`](/model_servers/whispercpp/base/Containerfile).

> The AI Application will connect to the Model Service via an API. The recipe relies on [Langchain's](https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/introduction) python package to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer. You can find an example of the chat application below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AI Application will connect to the Model Service via an API. The recipe relies on [Langchain's](https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/introduction) python package to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer. You can find an example of the audio to text application below.
```

![](/assets/whisper.png) 

> ## Try the Chat Application: Coming soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Try the Audio to Text Application:
```

Author: good catch

# Audio to Text Application

>   This recipe helps developers start building their own custom LLM enabled audio transcription applciations. It consists of two main components: the Model Service and the AI Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This recipe helps developers start building their own custom AI enabled audio transcription applications. It consists of two main components: the Model Service and the AI Application.
```
I'm not sure its technically an LLM.

  There are a few options today for local Model Serving, but this recipe will use [`whisper-cpp`](https://github.com/ggerganov/whisper.cpp.git)
  and its included Model Service. There is a Containerfile provided that can be used to build this Model Service within the repo,
  [`model_servers/whispercpp/Containerfile`](/model_servers/whispercpp/base/Containerfile).

>  The AI Application will connect to the Model Service via its OpenAI compatible API. The recipe relies on [Langchain's](https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/introduction) python package to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer. You can find an example of the chat application below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The AI Application will connect to the Model Service via an API. The recipe relies on [Langchain's](https://python.langchain.com/docs/get_started/introduction) python package to simplify communication with the Model Service and uses [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) for the UI layer. You can find an example of the chat application below.
```

ffmpeg -i <input.mp3> -ar 16000 -ac 1 -c:a pcm_s16le <output.wav>
```

## Embed the AI Application in a Bootable Container Image

> To build a bootable container image that includes this sample chatbot workload as a service that starts when a system is booted, run: `make -f Makefile bootc`. You can optionally override the default image / tag you want to give the make command by specifying it as follows: `make -f Makefile BOOTC_IMAGE=<your_bootc_image> bootc`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a bootable container image that includes this sample audio to text workload as a service that starts when a system is booted, run: `make -f Makefile bootc`. You can optionally override the default image / tag you want to give the make command by specifying it as follows: `make -f Makefile BOOTC_IMAGE=<your_bootc_image> bootc`.
```

Author: As per slack comment no makefile = no bootc. Dropped from readme
